Add retinanet convert doc (#6342)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/MO_DG/prepare_model/convert_model/tf_specific/Convert_RetinaNet_From_Tensorflow.md

# Converting RetinaNet Model from TensorFlow* to the Intermediate Representation {#openvino_docs_MO_DG_prepare_model_convert_model_tf_specific_Convert_RetinaNet_From_Tensorflow}

This tutorial explains how to convert RetinaNet model to Intermediate Representation (IR).

> [Public RetinaNet model](https://github.com/fizyr/keras-retinanet) does not contain pretrained TensorFlow* weights. To convert this model to the IR you can use [Reproduce Keras* to TensorFlow* Conversion tutorial](https://docs.openvinotoolkit.org/latest/omz_models_model_retinanet_tf.html).

Reviewer: I think you convert to TensorFlow* format on this step so please correct as follows:
To convert this model to the IR -> To convert this model to the TensorFlow* format

> [Public RetinaNet model](https://github.com/fizyr/keras-retinanet) does not contain pre-trained TensorFlow* weights. To convert this model to the IR you can use [ Reproduce Keras* to TensorFlow* Conversion tutorial](https://docs.openvinotoolkit.org/latest/omz_models_model_retinanet_tf.html)

Reviewer 2: the common approach is to use `pretrained` instead of `pre-trained`.

Reviewer 3: please add point at the end sentense

> [Public RetinaNet model](https://github.com/fizyr/keras-retinanet) does not contain pre-trained TensorFlow* weights. To convert this model to the IR you can use [ Reproduce Keras* to TensorFlow* Conversion tutorial](https://docs.openvinotoolkit.org/latest/omz_models_model_retinanet_tf.html)

Reviewer: I think there is extra white-space between `[` and `Reproduce`. please remove it

> 

Reviewer: Also it is better to explain what outputs you create by pruning using MO. Please give some description for `filtered_detections/map/TensorArrayStack/TensorArrayGatherV3,...`

Author: Outputs were removed

> After you convert model to TensorFlow* you can run the Model-Optimizer command below:

Reviewer: to TensorFlow* -> to TensorFlow* format

```sh

> python mo.py --input "input_1[1 1333 1333 3]" --input_model retinanet_resnet50_coco_best_v2.1.0.pb --data_type FP32 --transformations_config ./extensions/front/tf/retinanet.json

Reviewer: is there no need in custom outputs?

Author: No. The example was taken from dl benchmark. It was not custom outputs. Just real model outputs via --output option.

> ```

Reviewer 4: You should describe how the output format of the model has changed. Because MO inserts DetectionOutput operation which does not match the original model outputs format.

> python mo.py --input input_1 --input_model retinanet_resnet50_coco_best_v2.1.0.pb --output_dir C:\projects\pycharm\models\IRs --data_type FP32 --input_shape [1,1333,1333,3] --output filtered_detections/map/TensorArrayStack/TensorArrayGatherV3,filtered_detections/map/TensorArrayStack_1/TensorArrayGatherV3,iltered_detections/map/TensorArrayStack_2/TensorArrayGatherV3 --transformations_config ./extensions/front/tf/retinanet.json

Reviewer 2: I think it's better to remove `--output_dir ...` since it contains personal specific file dir

> python mo.py --input input_1 --input_model retinanet_resnet50_coco_best_v2.1.0.pb --output_dir C:\projects\pycharm\models\IRs --data_type FP32 --input_shape [1,1333,1333,3] --output filtered_detections/map/TensorArrayStack/TensorArrayGatherV3,filtered_detections/map/TensorArrayStack_1/TensorArrayGatherV3,iltered_detections/map/TensorArrayStack_2/TensorArrayGatherV3 --transformations_config ./extensions/front/tf/retinanet.json

Reviewer: please avoid `--input_shape` since it is deprecated and use `--input` for shape specification instead.

# Converting RetinaNet Model from TensorFlow* to the Intermediate Representation {#openvino_docs_MO_DG_prepare_model_convert_model_tf_specific_Convert_RetinaNet_From_Tensorflow}

> This tutorial explains how to convert RetinaNet model to Intermediate Representation (IR).

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
This tutorial explains how to convert RetinaNet model to the Intermediate Representation (IR).
```

> [Public RetinaNet model](https://github.com/fizyr/keras-retinanet) does not contain pretrained TensorFlow* weights. To convert this model to the TensorFlow* format you can use [Reproduce Keras* to TensorFlow* Conversion tutorial](https://docs.openvinotoolkit.org/latest/omz_models_model_retinanet_tf.html).

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
[Public RetinaNet model](https://github.com/fizyr/keras-retinanet) does not contain pretrained TensorFlow* weights. To convert this model to the TensorFlow* format, you can use [Reproduce Keras* to TensorFlow* Conversion tutorial](https://docs.openvinotoolkit.org/latest/omz_models_model_retinanet_tf.html).
```

> [Public RetinaNet model](https://github.com/fizyr/keras-retinanet) does not contain pretrained TensorFlow* weights. To convert this model to the TensorFlow* format you can use [Reproduce Keras* to TensorFlow* Conversion tutorial](https://docs.openvinotoolkit.org/latest/omz_models_model_retinanet_tf.html).

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
[Public RetinaNet model](https://github.com/fizyr/keras-retinanet) does not contain pretrained TensorFlow\* weights. To convert this model to the TensorFlow\* format you can use [Reproduce Keras* to TensorFlow* Conversion tutorial](https://docs.openvinotoolkit.org/latest/omz_models_model_retinanet_tf.html).
```

> [Public RetinaNet model](https://github.com/fizyr/keras-retinanet) does not contain pretrained TensorFlow\* weights. To convert this model to the TensorFlow\* format, you can use [Reproduce Keras* to TensorFlow* Conversion tutorial](https://docs.openvinotoolkit.org/latest/omz_models_model_retinanet_tf.html).

Reviewer 6: Created ticket: 59714

Author: Ticket was moved to omz teems.

After you convert model to TensorFlow* format you can run the Model-Optimizer command below:
```sh
python mo.py --input "input_1[1 1333 1333 3]" --input_model retinanet_resnet50_coco_best_v2.1.0.pb --data_type FP32 --transformations_config ./extensions/front/tf/retinanet.json
```

> Where `transformations_config` command line parameter specifies the configuration json file containing hints to the Model Optimizer on how to convert the model. The json file contains some parameters which must be changed if you train the model yourself. Also it contain how to matching end pints for replacing subgraph nodes. After converting model to IR output nodes will be replaced to DetectionOutput layer.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Where `transformations_config` command-line parameter specifies the configuration json file containing model conversion hints for the Model Optimizer. The json file contains some parameters that need to be changed if you train the model yourself. It also contains information on how to match endpoints to replace the subgraph nodes. After the model is converted to IR, the output nodes will be replaced with DetectionOutput layer.
```
